README.md, before:

# Geospatial Conferences 2025

## International

### Europe

  - GeoPython 2-25, https://2025.geopython.net/, Basel, 24—26 February 2025
  - Geospatial World Forum 2025, https://geospatialworldforum.org/2025/index.php, Madrid, 22—25 April 
  - EGU 2025, https://www.egu25.eu/, Vienna, 27 April—2 May 2025
  - LBS 2025 (Conference on Location-Based Services), https://lbs2025.lbsconference.org/index.html, Otaniemi, 7—9 May 2025
  - QGIS User Conference 2025, https://qgis.org/community/organisation/meetings/uc-2025/, Norrköping, 2-3 June 2025 (contributor meeting 4—6 June)
  - The 28th AGILE Conference, https://agile-gi.eu/, Dresden, 10—13 June 2025:
    - Call for full papers (4000-6000 words): 20 December 2024
    - Call for workshops: 20 December 2024
    - Call for short papers (2000-3000 words)/posters (500-1000 words): 03 February 2025
  - Living Planet Symposium, https://lps25.esa.int/, Vienna, 23—27 June 2025:
  - FOSS4G-Europe-2025, https://2025.europe.foss4g.org/, Mostar, 14—20 July 2025
  - Spatial Statistics 2025, https://www.elsevier.com/events/conferences/all/spatial-statistics, Noordwijk, 15—18 July 2025
  - SSTD 2025 (19th International Symposium on Spatial and Temporal Data), https://sstd2025.github.io/, Osaka, 25--27 August
  - IALE 2025 European Landscape Ecology Congress, https://iale2025.sav.sk/, Bratislava, 2—5 September 2025
    - Call for abstracts: 28 February 2025
  - EUGEO 2025 congress ‘Geographies of a Changing Europe’, https://www.oeaw.ac.at/en/isr/eugeo-2025, Austrian Academy of Sciences, Vienna, 8–11 September 2025
    - Call for abstracts/papers closes on: 20 January 2025
  - INTERGEO, https://www.intergeo.de/, Frankfurt am Main, 07—09 October 2025
  - Sigspatial 2025
  - W2GIS
 
### Oceania

  - 2025 IEEE International Geoscience and Remote Sensing Symposium, https://2025.ieeeigarss.org/, Brisbane, 3—8 August 2025
  - GIScience 2025, https://giscience2025.org/, Ōtautahi Christchurch, 26—29 August 2025
  - FOSS4G 2025, https://2025.foss4g.org/, Tāmaki Makaurau Auckland, 17--23 November 2025

## Local

### Austria

  - AGIT 2025, https://gi-salzburg.org/en/, Salzburg, 2—3 July 2025

### Germany

  - FOSSGIS-Konferenz 2025, https://fossgis-konferenz.de/2025/, Muenster, 26—29 March 2025:
  - GFÖ, https://www.gfoe-conference.de/, Würzburg, 1—5 September 2025

### England

  - GISRUK 2025, https://gisruk.org/gisruk-2025/, Bristol, 23--25 April 2025

### Poland

  - IV spotkanie użytkowników QGIS, ???

## Similar lists

- [List of selected events (conferences, workshops, etc.) related to forest sciences, geospatial analysis, cartography, remote sensing by Jens Wiesehahn](https://github.com/wiesehahn/conferences)

Commit message:

Added MDM and informations regarding SIGSPATIAL

README.md, after:

# Geospatial Conferences 2025

## International

### America

  - MDM 2025 (26th IEEE International Conference on Mobile Data Management), https://mdm2025.github.io/, Irvine, 2-5 June
  - SIGSPATIAL 2025 (33rd International Conference on Advances in Geographic Information Systems), https://sigspatial2025.sigspatial.org/, Minneapolis, 3-6 November

### Asia

  - SSTD 2025 (19th International Symposium on Spatial and Temporal Data), https://sstd2025.github.io/, Osaka, 25-27 August

### Europe

  - GeoPython 2-25, https://2025.geopython.net/, Basel, 24—26 February 2025
  - Geospatial World Forum 2025, https://geospatialworldforum.org/2025/index.php, Madrid, 22—25 April 
  - EGU 2025, https://www.egu25.eu/, Vienna, 27 April—2 May 2025
  - LBS 2025 (Conference on Location-Based Services), https://lbs2025.lbsconference.org/index.html, Otaniemi, 7—9 May 2025
  - QGIS User Conference 2025, https://qgis.org/community/organisation/meetings/uc-2025/, Norrköping, 2-3 June 2025 (contributor meeting 4—6 June)
  - The 28th AGILE Conference, https://agile-gi.eu/, Dresden, 10—13 June 2025:
    - Call for full papers (4000-6000 words): 20 December 2024
    - Call for workshops: 20 December 2024
    - Call for short papers (2000-3000 words)/posters (500-1000 words): 03 February 2025
  - Living Planet Symposium, https://lps25.esa.int/, Vienna, 23—27 June 2025:
  - FOSS4G-Europe-2025, https://2025.europe.foss4g.org/, Mostar, 14—20 July 2025
  - Spatial Statistics 2025, https://www.elsevier.com/events/conferences/all/spatial-statistics, Noordwijk, 15—18 July 2025
  - IALE 2025 European Landscape Ecology Congress, https://iale2025.sav.sk/, Bratislava, 2—5 September 2025
    - Call for abstracts: 28 February 2025
  - EUGEO 2025 congress ‘Geographies of a Changing Europe’, https://www.oeaw.ac.at/en/isr/eugeo-2025, Austrian Academy of Sciences, Vienna, 8–11 September 2025
    - Call for abstracts/papers closes on: 20 January 2025
  - INTERGEO, https://www.intergeo.de/, Frankfurt am Main, 07—09 October 2025
  - W2GIS
 
### Oceania

  - 2025 IEEE International Geoscience and Remote Sensing Symposium, https://2025.ieeeigarss.org/, Brisbane, 3—8 August 2025
  - GIScience 2025, https://giscience2025.org/, Ōtautahi Christchurch, 26—29 August 2025
  - FOSS4G 2025, https://2025.foss4g.org/, Tāmaki Makaurau Auckland, 17--23 November 2025

## Local

### Austria

  - AGIT 2025, https://gi-salzburg.org/en/, Salzburg, 2—3 July 2025

### Germany

  - FOSSGIS-Konferenz 2025, https://fossgis-konferenz.de/2025/, Muenster, 26—29 March 2025:
  - GFÖ, https://www.gfoe-conference.de/, Würzburg, 1—5 September 2025

### England

  - GISRUK 2025, https://gisruk.org/gisruk-2025/, Bristol, 23--25 April 2025

### Poland

  - IV spotkanie użytkowników QGIS, ???

## Similar lists

- [List of selected events (conferences, workshops, etc.) related to forest sciences, geospatial analysis, cartography, remote sensing by Jens Wiesehahn](https://github.com/wiesehahn/conferences)
